[excel] (Preview APIs) What's New (#977)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/requirement-sets/excel-api-requirement-sets.md

New Excel JavaScript APIs are first introduced in "preview" and later become part of a specific, numbered requirement set after sufficient testing occurs and user feedback is acquired.

The first table provides a concise summary of the APIs, while the subsequent table gives a detailed list.

> [!NOTE]
> Preview APIs are subject to change and are not intended for use in a production environment. We recommend that you try them out in test and development environments only. Do not use preview APIs in a production environment or within business-critical documents.
>
> To use preview APIs, you must reference the **beta** library on the CDN (https://appsforoffice.microsoft.com/lib/beta/hosted/office.js) and you may also need to join the Office Insider program to get a recent Office build.

| Feature area | Description | Relevant objects |
|:--- |:--- |:--- |

> | [Slicer](../../excel/excel-add-ins-pivottables.md##slicers-preview) | Insert and configure slicers to tables and PivotTables. | [Slicer](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer) |

Reviewer: Is the ## valid? Seems like it should be a single #

|[Slicer](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer)|[caption](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#caption)|Represents the caption of slicer.|
||[clearFilters()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#clearfilters--)|Clears all the filters currently applied on the slicer.|
||[delete()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#delete--)|Deletes the slicer.|
||[getSelectedItems()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#getselecteditems--)|Returns an array of selected items' keys. Read-only.|
||[height](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#height)|Represents the height, in points, of the slicer.|
||[left](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#left)|Represents the distance, in points, from the left side of the slicer to the left of the worksheet.|
||[name](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#name)|Represents the name of slicer.|
||[nameInFormula](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#nameinformula)|Represents the slicer name used in the formula.|
||[id](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#id)|Represents the unique id of slicer. Read-only.|

> ||[isFilterCleared](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#isfiltercleared)|True if all filters currently applied on the slicer is cleared.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
||[isFilterCleared](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#isfiltercleared)|True if all filters currently applied on the slicer are cleared.|
```

||[getCount()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#getcount--)|Gets the number of slicer styles in the collection.|
||[getDefault()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#getdefault--)|Gets the default SlicerStyle for the parent object's scope.|
||[getItem(name: string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#getitem-name-)|Gets a SlicerStyle by name.|
||[getItemOrNullObject(name: string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#getitemornullobject-name-)|Gets a SlicerStyle by name. If the SlicerStyle does not exist, will return a null object.|
||[items](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#items)|Gets the loaded child items in this collection.|
||[setDefault(newDefaultStyle: SlicerStyle \| string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#setdefault-newdefaultstyle-)|Sets the default SlicerStyle for use in the parent object's scope.|
|[Table](/javascript/api/excel/excel.table)|[clearStyle()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.table#clearstyle--)|Changes the table to use the default table style.|
||[onFiltered](/javascript/api/excel/excel.table#onfiltered)|Occurs when filter is applied on a specific table.|

> |[TableCollection](/javascript/api/excel/excel.tablecollection)|[onFiltered](/javascript/api/excel/excel.tablecollection#onfiltered)|Occurs when filter is applied on any table in a workbook, or a worksheet.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[TableCollection](/javascript/api/excel/excel.tablecollection)|[onFiltered](/javascript/api/excel/excel.tablecollection#onfiltered)|Occurs when filter is applied on any table in a workbook or worksheet.|
```

|[TableFilteredEventArgs](/javascript/api/excel/excel.tablefilteredeventargs)|[tableId](/javascript/api/excel/excel.tablefilteredeventargs#tableid)|Represents the id of the table in which the filter is applied..|

> ||[type](/javascript/api/excel/excel.tablefilteredeventargs#type)|Represents the type of the event. See Excel.EventType for details.|

Reviewer: Maybe include link to Excel.EventType

||[comments](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#comments)|Represents a collection of Comments associated with the workbook. Read-only.|
||[pivotTableStyles](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#pivottablestyles)|Represents a collection of PivotTableStyles associated with the workbook. Read-only.|
||[slicerStyles](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#slicerstyles)|Represents a collection of SlicerStyles associated with the workbook. Read-only.|
||[slicers](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#slicers)|Represents a collection of Slicers associated with the workbook. Read-only.|
||[tableStyles](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#tablestyles)|Represents a collection of TableStyles associated with the workbook. Read-only.|
||[timelineStyles](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#timelinestyles)|Represents a collection of TimelineStyles associated with the workbook. Read-only.|
||[save(saveBehavior?: "Save" \| "Prompt")](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#save-savebehavior-)|Save current workbook.|
||[save(saveBehavior?: Excel.SaveBehavior)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#save-savebehavior-)|Save current workbook.|

> ||[use1904DateSystem](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#use1904datesystem)|True if the workbook uses the 1904 date system.|

Reviewer: Consider linking to https://support.microsoft.com/help/214330/differences-between-the-1900-and-the-1904-date-system-in-excel

||[addFromBase64(base64File: string, sheetNamesToInsert?: string[], positionType?: Excel.WorksheetPositionType, relativeTo?: Worksheet \| string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcollection#addfrombase64-base64file--sheetnamestoinsert--positiontype--relativeto-)|Inserts the specified worksheets of a workbook into the current workbook.|
||[onColumnSorted](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcollection#oncolumnsorted)|Occurs when sorting on columns.|
||[onFiltered](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcollection#onfiltered)|Occurs when any worksheet's filter is applied in the workbook.|
||[onRowSorted](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcollection#onrowsorted)|Occurs when sorting on rows.|
|[WorksheetColumnSortedEventArgs](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcolumnsortedeventargs)|[address](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcolumnsortedeventargs#address)|Gets the range address that represents the sorted areas of a specific worksheet.|

> ||[source](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcolumnsortedeventargs#source)|Gets the source of the event. See Excel.EventSource for details.|

Reviewer: Consider linking to Excel.EventSource

||[type](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcolumnsortedeventargs#type)|Gets the type of the event. See Excel.EventType for details.|

> ||[worksheetId](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcolumnsortedeventargs#worksheetid)|Gets the id of the worksheet in which the sorting happened.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
||[worksheetId](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcolumnsortedeventargs#worksheetid)|Gets the id of the worksheet where the sorting happened.|
```

||[worksheetId](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetfilteredeventargs#worksheetid)|Represents the id of the worksheet in which the filter is applied.|
|[WorksheetRowSortedEventArgs](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetrowsortedeventargs)|[address](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetrowsortedeventargs#address)|Gets the range address that represents the sorted areas of a specific worksheet.|
||[source](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetrowsortedeventargs#source)|Gets the source of the event. See Excel.EventSource for details.|
||[type](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetrowsortedeventargs#type)|Gets the type of the event. See Excel.EventType for details.|
||[worksheetId](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetrowsortedeventargs#worksheetid)|Gets the id of the worksheet in which the sorting happened.|
|[WorksheetSingleClickedEventArgs](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetsingleclickedeventargs)|[address](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetsingleclickedeventargs#address)|Gets the address that represents the cell which was left-clicked/tapped for a specific worksheet.|

> ||[offsetX](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetsingleclickedeventargs#offsetx)|The distance, in points, from the left-clicked/tapped point to the left(right for RTL) gridline edge of the left-clicked/tapped cell.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
||[offsetX](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetsingleclickedeventargs#offsetx)|The distance, in points, from the left-clicked/tapped point to the left (right for RTL) gridline edge of the left-clicked/tapped cell.|
```

New Excel JavaScript APIs are first introduced in "preview" and later become part of a specific, numbered requirement set after sufficient testing occurs and user feedback is acquired.

The first table provides a concise summary of the APIs, while the subsequent table gives a detailed list.

> [!NOTE]
> Preview APIs are subject to change and are not intended for use in a production environment. We recommend that you try them out in test and development environments only. Do not use preview APIs in a production environment or within business-critical documents.
>

> > To use preview APIs, you must reference the **beta** library on the CDN: https://appsforoffice.microsoft.com/lib/beta/hosted/office.js and you may also need to join the Office Insider program to get a sufficiently recent Office build.

Reviewer 2: Can we drop "sufficiently "?

Reviewer 2: In the first table on the page, we need a link to the Preview section.

> | Feature area | Description | Relevant objects |

Reviewer 2: The line above this one has a typo "APIsc".

| [Comments](../../excel/excel-add-ins-workbooks.md#comments-preview) | Add, edit, and delete comments. | [Comment](/javascript/api/excel/excel.comment), [CommentCollection](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentcollection) |
| Workbook [Save](../../excel/excel-add-ins-workbooks.md#save-the-workbook-preview) and [Close](../../excel/excel-add-ins-workbooks.md#close-the-workbook-preview) | Save and close workbooks.  | [Workbook](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook) |
| [Insert Workbook](../../excel/excel-add-ins-workbooks.md#insert-a-copy-of-an-existing-workbook-into-the-current-one-preview) | Insert one workbook into another.  | [Workbook](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcollection) |

The following is a complete list of APIsc currently in preview.

| Class | Fields | Description |
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Comment](/javascript/api/excel/excel.comment)|[content](/javascript/api/excel/excel.comment#content)|Get or set the content.|
||[delete()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.comment#delete--)|Deletes the comment thread.|
||[getLocation()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.comment#getlocation--)|Get location of the comment.|

> ||[authorEmail](/javascript/api/excel/excel.comment#authoremail)|Get author email of the comment.|

Reviewer 2: Get the author's email...?

Applies globally.

||[authorName](/javascript/api/excel/excel.comment#authorname)|Get author name of the comment.|

> ||[creationDate](/javascript/api/excel/excel.comment#creationdate)|Get creation time of the comment. Will return null if the comment is converted from note, as in this case, the comment will not has created date.|

Reviewer 2: Can you review the description please?

||[id](/javascript/api/excel/excel.comment#id)|Represents the comment identifier. Read-only.|
||[replies](/javascript/api/excel/excel.comment#replies)|Represents a collection of reply objects associated with the comment. Read-only.|

> |[CommentCollection](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentcollection)|[add(content: string, cellAddress: Range \| string, contentType?: "Plain")](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentcollection#add-content--celladdress--contenttype-)|Creates a new comment(comment thread) based on the cell location and content. Invalid argument will be thrown if the location is larger than one cell.|

Reviewer 2: Can you review the description please?

||[add(content: string, cellAddress: Range \| string, contentType?: Excel.ContentType)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentcollection#add-content--celladdress--contenttype-)|Creates a new comment(comment thread) based on the cell location and content. Invalid argument will be thrown if the location is larger than one cell.|
||[getCount()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentcollection#getcount--)|Gets the number of comments in the collection.|
||[getItem(commentId: string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentcollection#getitem-commentid-)|Returns a comment identified by its ID. Read-only.|
||[getItemAt(index: number)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentcollection#getitemat-index-)|Gets a comment based on its position in the collection.|

> ||[getItemByCell(cellAddress: Range \| string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentcollection#getitembycell-celladdress-)|Gets a comment on the specific cell in the collection.|

Reviewer 2: For the specified cell, get all comments? I'm confused by the name - it uses "item", but it belongs to the collection object?

||[add(content: string, contentType?: Excel.ContentType)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentreplycollection#add-content--contenttype-)|Creates a comment reply for comment.|
||[getCount()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentreplycollection#getcount--)|Gets the number of comment replies in the collection.|
||[getItem(commentReplyId: string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentreplycollection#getitem-commentreplyid-)|Returns a comment reply identified by its ID. Read-only.|
||[getItemAt(index: number)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentreplycollection#getitemat-index-)|Gets a comment reply based on its position in the collection.|
||[load(option?: OfficeExtension.LoadOption)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentreplycollection#load-option-)|Queues up a command to load the specified properties of the object. You must call "context.sync()" before reading the properties.|
||[items](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentreplycollection#items)|Gets the loaded child items in this collection.|

> |[CustomFunctionEventArgs](/javascript/api/excel/excel.customfunctioneventargs)|[higherTicks](/javascript/api/excel/excel.customfunctioneventargs#higherticks)||

Reviewer 2: missing description?

Author: I'll tag @mscharlock on this, Here's the [reference doc page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/javascript/api/excel/excel.customfunctioneventargs?view=office-js).

> ||[lowerTicks](/javascript/api/excel/excel.customfunctioneventargs#lowerticks)||

Reviewer 2: missing description?

|[ShapeCollection](/javascript/api/excel/excel.shapecollection)|[addSvg(xml: string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.shapecollection#addsvg-xml-)|Creates a scalable vector graphic (SVG) from an XML string and adds it to the worksheet. Returns a Shape object that represents the new image.|
|[Slicer](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer)|[caption](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#caption)|Represents the caption of slicer.|
||[clearFilters()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#clearfilters--)|Clears all the filters currently applied on the slicer.|
||[delete()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#delete--)|Deletes the slicer.|
||[getSelectedItems()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#getselecteditems--)|Returns an array of selected items' keys. Read-only.|
||[height](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#height)|Represents the height, in points, of the slicer.|
||[left](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#left)|Represents the distance, in points, from the left side of the slicer to the left of the worksheet.|
||[name](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#name)|Represents the name of slicer.|

> ||[nameInFormula](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#nameinformula)|Represents the name used in the formula.|

Reviewer 2: ...name... > ….slicer name...?

||[id](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#id)|Represents the unique id of slicer. Read-only.|
||[isFilterCleared](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#isfiltercleared)|True if all filters currently applied on the slicer is cleared.|
||[slicerItems](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#sliceritems)|Represents the collection of SlicerItems that are part of the slicer. Read-only.|
||[worksheet](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#worksheet)|Represents the worksheet containing the slicer. Read-only.|
||[selectItems(items?: string[])](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#selectitems-items-)|Select slicer items based on their keys. Previous selection will be cleared.|

> ||[sortBy](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#sortby)|Represents the sort order of the items in the slicer. Possible values are: DataSourceOrder, Ascending, Descending.|

Reviewer 2: Is there a link to the enums for possible values?

Author: There would be in the sortBy section of the ref doc, if not for the [usual API Extractor bug](https://github.com/Microsoft/web-build-tools/issues/867). That said, the values are listed out right there. I'm not anyone needs a link.

> ||[style](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicer#style)|Constant value that represents the Slicer style. Possible values are: SlicerStyleLight1 thru SlicerStyleLight6, TableStyleOther1 thru TableStyleOther2, SlicerStyleDark1 thru SlicerStyleDark6. A custom user-defined style present in the workbook can also be specified.|

Reviewer 2: Use of "thru" should be replaced.

||[getItem(key: string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicercollection#getitem-key-)|Gets a slicer object using its name or id.|
||[getItemAt(index: number)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicercollection#getitemat-index-)|Gets a slicer based on its position in the collection.|
||[getItemOrNullObject(key: string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicercollection#getitemornullobject-key-)|Gets a slicer using its name or id. If the slicer does not exist, will return a null object.|
||[load(option?: OfficeExtension.LoadOption)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicercollection#load-option-)|Queues up a command to load the specified properties of the object. You must call "context.sync()" before reading the properties.|
||[items](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicercollection#items)|Gets the loaded child items in this collection.|
|[SlicerItem](/javascript/api/excel/excel.sliceritem)|[isSelected](/javascript/api/excel/excel.sliceritem#isselected)|True if the slicer item is selected.|
||[hasData](/javascript/api/excel/excel.sliceritem#hasdata)|True if the slicer item has data.|
||[key](/javascript/api/excel/excel.sliceritem#key)|Represents the unique value representing the slicer item.|

> ||[name](/javascript/api/excel/excel.sliceritem#name)|Represents the value displayed on UI.|

Reviewer 2: ...in the UI.

||[getItemAt(index: number)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.sliceritemcollection#getitemat-index-)|Gets a slicer item based on its position in the collection.|
||[getItemOrNullObject(key: string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.sliceritemcollection#getitemornullobject-key-)|Gets a slicer item using its key or name. If the slicer item does not exist, will return a null object.|
||[load(option?: OfficeExtension.LoadOption)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.sliceritemcollection#load-option-)|Queues up a command to load the specified properties of the object. You must call "context.sync()" before reading the properties.|
||[items](/javascript/api/excel/excel.sliceritemcollection#items)|Gets the loaded child items in this collection.|
|[SlicerStyle](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstyle)|[delete()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstyle#delete--)|Deletes the SlicerStyle.|
||[duplicate()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstyle#duplicate--)|Creates a duplicate of this SlicerStyle with copies of all the style elements.|
||[name](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstyle#name)|Gets the name of the SlicerStyle.|

> ||[readOnly](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstyle#readonly)|True means that this SlicerStyle object is read-only. Read-only.|

Reviewer 2: Sets the SlicerStyle to read-only when set to true.

Reviewer 2: global fix

|[SlicerStyleCollection](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection)|[add(name: string, makeUniqueName?: boolean)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#add-name--makeuniquename-)|Creates a blank SlicerStyle with the specified name.|
||[getCount()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#getcount--)|Gets the number of slicer styles in the collection.|
||[getDefault()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#getdefault--)|Gets the default SlicerStyle for the parent object's scope.|
||[getItem(name: string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#getitem-name-)|Gets a SlicerStyle by name.|
||[getItemOrNullObject(name: string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#getitemornullobject-name-)|Gets a SlicerStyle by name. If the SlicerStyle does not exist, will return a null object.|
||[load(option?: OfficeExtension.LoadOption)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#load-option-)|Queues up a command to load the specified properties of the object. You must call "context.sync()" before reading the properties.|

> ||[items](/javascript/api/excel/excel.slicerstylecollection#items)|Gets the loaded child items in this collection.|

Reviewer 2: global fix = items follows the load method, which isn't alphabetically sorted.

Author: We don't need to the load methods anyway. I've opened an [internal work item](https://office.visualstudio.com/OC/_workitems/edit/3342447) to edit the tool to strip those out.

||[getItemOrNullObject(name: string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.timelinestylecollection#getitemornullobject-name-)|Gets a TimelineStyle by name. If the TimelineStyle does not exist, will return a null object.|
||[load(option?: OfficeExtension.LoadOption)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.timelinestylecollection#load-option-)|Queues up a command to load the specified properties of the object. You must call "context.sync()" before reading the properties.|
||[items](/javascript/api/excel/excel.timelinestylecollection#items)|Gets the loaded child items in this collection.|
||[setDefault(newDefaultStyle: TimelineStyle \| string)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.timelinestylecollection#setdefault-newdefaultstyle-)|Sets the default TimelineStyle for use in the parent object's scope.|
|[Workbook](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook)|[close(closeBehavior?: "Save" \| "SkipSave")](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#close-closebehavior-)|Close current workbook.|
||[close(closeBehavior?: Excel.CloseBehavior)](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#close-closebehavior-)|Close current workbook.|

> ||[getActiveSlicer()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#getactiveslicer--)|Gets the currently active slicer in the workbook. If there is no active slicer, will throw exception when invoke this statement.|

Reviewer 2: If there is no active slicer, an exception is thrown.

> ||[getActiveSlicerOrNullObject()](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#getactiveslicerornullobject--)|Gets the currently active slicer in the workbook. If there is no active slicer, will return null object|

Reviewer 2: similar to above comment

||[type](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcolumnsortedeventargs#type)|Gets the type of the event. See Excel.EventType for details.|
||[worksheetId](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetcolumnsortedeventargs#worksheetid)|Gets the id of the worksheet in which the sorting happened.|
|[WorksheetFilteredEventArgs](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetfilteredeventargs)|[type](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetfilteredeventargs#type)|Represents the type of the event. See Excel.EventType for details.|
||[worksheetId](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetfilteredeventargs#worksheetid)|Represents the id of the worksheet in which the filter is applied.|
|[WorksheetRowSortedEventArgs](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetrowsortedeventargs)|[address](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetrowsortedeventargs#address)|Gets the range address that represents the sorted areas of a specific worksheet.|
||[source](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetrowsortedeventargs#source)|Gets the source of the event. See Excel.EventSource for details.|
||[type](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetrowsortedeventargs#type)|Gets the type of the event. See Excel.EventType for details.|

> ||[worksheetId](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetrowsortedeventargs#worksheetid)|Gets the id of the worksheet in which the sorting happened.|

Reviewer 2: Can you review the description?

Author: The description seems accurate. Is there a grammar thing I'm missing?

|[WorksheetSingleClickedEventArgs](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetsingleclickedeventargs)|[address](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetsingleclickedeventargs#address)|Gets the address that represents the cell which was left-clicked/tapped for a specific worksheet.|

> ||[offsetX](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetsingleclickedeventargs#offsetx)|It is a double value that represents the distance, in points, from the left-clicked/tapped point to the left(right for RTL) gridline edge of the left-clicked/tapped cell.|

Reviewer 2: Can you review the description?

> ||[offsetY](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheetsingleclickedeventargs#offsety)|It is a double value that represents the distance, in points, from the left-clicked/tapped point to the top gridline edge of the left-clicked/tapped cell.|

Reviewer 2: Can you review the description?

Author: There was a lot of discussion around how to phrase "left-clicked/tapped point". I welcome any suggestions.
